README.md, before:

Python G-Code Simulator
=======================
Author: Peter Rogers (peter.rogers@gmail.com)

Simulates execution of a G-Code script. Supported codes:

    * Comments
    * Assignments
    * G00 - Rapid positioning
    * G01 - Linear interpolation
    * G02 - Circle interpolation (CW)
    * G03 - Circle interpolation (CCW)
    * G04 - Dwell
    * G21 - Units in mm (buggy)
    * M02 - End program
    * M03 - Spindle on
    * M05 - Spindle off
    * M06 - Tool change
    * Txx - Tool selection

Features:

    * Simulates the execution of a gcode script (.ngc file)
    * Renders the job in the XY plane (other views not supported)
    * Displays commands as they are executed
    * A slider lets you scrub through the job's timeline

Future plans:

    * Add support for more gcode commands
    * Render the job with configurable colors
    * Include a listing of the script in a side panel
    * Script editor?

Installation
------------

To run the G-Code simulator you will need:

    * Python 2.6 or later (probably runs on Python 3)
    * GTK for Python (http://www.pygtk.org)
    * Numpy (http://numpy.scipy.org)

Run the script from the command-line:

    python main.py

The program has been tested on Linux but should work in Windows as well.

License
-------

The source is released under the GPL v2 license. See LICENSE.txt for more details.

Commit message:

Moved gparse.py into the __main__ part of gsim.gcode.
This script is more useful for testing than actual visualization, so moved it
into the module.  In the process, improved it to use pretty printing, and gave
each printed class a readable repr.  Finally, updated documentation to reflect
these changes (and to drive-by fix a few forgotten issues).

README.md, after:

Python G-Code Simulator
=======================
Author: Peter Rogers (peter.rogers@gmail.com)

Simulates execution of a G-Code script. Supported codes:

    * Comments
    * Assignments
    * G00 - Rapid positioning
    * G01 - Linear interpolation
    * G02 - Circle interpolation (CW)
    * G03 - Circle interpolation (CCW)
    * G04 - Dwell
    * G21 - Units in mm (buggy)
    * M02 - End program
    * M03 - Spindle on
    * M05 - Spindle off
    * M06 - Tool change
    * Txx - Tool selection

Features:

    * Simulates the execution of a gcode script (.ngc file)
    * Renders the job in the XY plane (other views not supported)
    * Displays commands as they are executed
    * A slider lets you scrub through the job's timeline

Future plans:

    * Add support for more gcode commands
    * Render the job with configurable colors
    * Include a listing of the script in a side panel
    * Script editor?

Installation
------------

To run the G-Code simulator you will need:

    * Python 2.6 or later (does not yet run on Python 3)
    * GTK for Python (http://www.pygtk.org)
    * Numpy (http://numpy.scipy.org)

Run the script from the command line:

    python gsim-launch.py

You can also view the parsed G-code with the command:

    python -m gsim.gcode

The program has been tested on Linux but should work in Windows as well.

License
-------

The source is released under the GPL v2 (or later). See LICENSE.txt for more details.
